virtio-blk rescan feature (#3052)
projectacrn/acrn-hypervisor: tools/acrn-manager/README.rst

   # acrnctl stop vm-yocto vm1-14:59:30 vm-android

RESCAN BLOCK DEVICE
===================

Use the ``blkrescan`` command to trigger a rescan of

> virtio-blk device by guest VM, inorder to revalidate and 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
virtio-blk device by guest VM, in order to revalidate and 
```

Author: done

update the backend file.

.. code-block:: none

>    # acrnctl blkrescan vmname slot,newfilepath

Reviewer: Could we add a real example, including the output that is generated on the terminal when running this command?

Author: done. Regarding the acrnctl blkrescan command, it doesn't generate any output when executed but have added a real example

   vmname:     Name of VM with dummy backend file attached to virtio-blk device.
   slot:       Slot number of the virtio-blk device.

>    newfilpath: File path for the backend of virtio-blk device.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   newfilepath: File path for the backend of virtio-blk device.
```

Author: done

> Note: blkrescan is only supported when VM is launched with 

Reviewer: Can you use the `.. note::` directive here so it is properly formatted when we generate the HTML output?

Author: done
